hey I'm Gary average of baseline Swan
skin clinic here in Mentone and this
question is from Hillary in the Bayside
suburb of Brighton and Hillary asks how
long will the benefits of a chemical
peel
last well Hillary this kind of depends
on many things the benefits will depend
firstly on the type of chemical peel
series that your dermatologist or
cosmetic doctor suggests it will also
depend on your skin type and the kind of
issues which we want to treat now I've
found that most popular peels the peels
that favorite of our members tend to
last for several months or even a year
or more especially if we combine in a
series of chemical peels with a plasma
treatment which accelerates the healing
process I imagine that this is because
when we stimulate your own stem cells
your skin seems to regenerate not only
new collagen but it also improves your
skin blood flow and also evens out
uneven skin tone so Hillary to get the
best results faster and to have young
beautiful skin that lasts longer make
sure that you find a cosmetic doctor to
do a series of medical-grade
prescription-strength chemical peels
combined with plasma treatments from
your own blood
hey this is Gary Aldrich let me ask you
are you sick of hiding your horrible
spots and embarrassing blemishes have
you ever felt ashamed of your scarred or
damaged skin do you feel the need to
conceal your imperfections or bocce's
sun damaged skin with foundation day
after day well if you or anyone you know
has been thinking about getting a series
of chemical peels then click on the link
below or go to my website chemical peel
nest day you and I'll make sure you get
my physicians report called your action
guide to medical grade chemical peels
this will help you understand what you
need to ask before you book into
any clinic and have to choose the right
doctor and right time so go ahead click
on the link below or go to chemical peel
nest delay you to get your physicians
report called your action guide to
medical grade chemical peels thank you
you